whats up youtube this is my boy 11 and
i'm just going to be showing you how to
you know root lube your bolt and you
have stuff like that cleaning again
after a hard day of play so first of all
you don't get this the fourth now let's
do the third to the largest allen wrench
and there's a screw right here you know
unscrew it probably do it with one hand
I'm sorry it might take a little longer
and just a few screws you can come scare
with your fingers um so they comes out
the screw put that aside and if your
bolt is lubed well oh shit whatever my
air just like it when I just hissed
because I very low air I think Nicole I
ran out of air now anyway I'm sorry for
that um if you bolt as we will she just
pop out just like that you know very
easily I just move my boat few minutes
to go because I came back from paintball
and basically there's three parts to
your bolt and there's the bolt guide
this big black thing there's the bolt
itself and the spring basically you're
just going to lube them all so wait let
me get my my lube here oh listen there's
a stripper I just leave my gun here
gimme a minute
so I fear that um so you take your loop
and you just start take a little big dip
of your loop and just start rubbing it
around in your bowl just rub it kind of
hard to do with one hand but you know do
it better just don't leave any big
chunks around that all kind of mess up
your gun just make it all smooth and
shiny blue loop the spring everything
and everything scared it on do put a
little bit put a little ball I'm sorry
um but a little more lube than I'm doing
right now I want to put it too much good
because i just put i put and move on my
gun already but you know just sleep it a
little i'm just flipping a little bit
but you know a little bit a little more
because you've gotten used to be clean
so anyway after you're done i'm going to
put the bolt guide in the bolt and put
the spring wait you're the fun to show
you something I'm a peer spring is not
connected to your bolt don't worry about
it I don't know why mine came off but if
it's not connected because usually when
I see videos on YouTube there's the bolt
here is connected to the spring so don't
be all don't go all crazy if your bolt
is my connect to your spring because
mine just came off for some reason but
it still works though so anyway you're
going to put it back in your gun
and there's going to be a hole in the
back of the boat guy that you have to
align with a little pen on the gun
you'll find it you'll see it um after
that basically putting your screw and
that basically it's not it's really
simple actually so that's how you leave
your bolt and the you guys later thanks
for watching